[Autogenerated] in this demonstration,
we're gonna discover some of the components used by a due
west manage repeats throughout this demonstration where
you'll be working with the U.
S.
Consul and follow along this demonstration and we do encourage it.
Follow along.
You'll need your own age US account.
I'm in my address account specifically the easy to dashboard and I've gone
easy to virtual machine deployed called Global Server one.
Taken no off the private I p address of this virtual machine
10 01 97 Let's switch the VPC dashboard.
I'm in the VPC dashboard and I can see that what to v p.
C.
Is deployed One is the default Vpc on the second is global V P C.
One.
This is the VPC that our server is deployed toe.
If I scroll down a bit,
we can see the virtual private network section The first film let's
look at here is the virtual private gateways.
If I slept that we can see that I've got a single virtual private gateway
deployed and this gateway is attached to our global vpc one v P.
C.
A.
V.
P C could only have one virtual private gateway attached to any one time our VP
sees uses gateways to route traffic towards VPN connection.
Now our VPC needs to know about the customer premise device,
the device that sits at head office except in the VPN traffic.
So we got section here called customer gateways.
If I select that hey, we can sell call customer Gateway called Global Hedge Cube.
Amongst other things,
this customer Gateway identifies the public I p address off
our own promise device to connect the customer gateway on
the virtual private gateway.
Well, you sight sight veep in collections on here.
I got a single site site connection connecting the virtual
private gateway to the customer Gateway.
If I click on the tunnel, details top.
We can see two tunnels.
No one internal too Colonel would ease up on Tunnel two is down,
But both tunnels have public I p addresses that I can use to send traffic too.
And I am sending traffic right now.
In fact, I'm sending a series of pings.
If I jumped to a virtual machine that I've got configured in
a different environment here we can see machine that's
deployed on premise and its opinion.
The private I p address off the e C two machine me so earlier.
It's this traffic that's bringing the tunnel.
Look, if we go back to the Midwest dashboard,
let's make a change through here if we find the root table that VPC is using,
and here it is.
If I select edit roots,
we can see this route that sending all traffic that starts
17 to 16 to our virtual private gateway.
Let's delete that route and see what happens.
Now that he's gone, let's go back to our own promise server,
and here we can see request timed out.
The pings are no longer working these three components, then customer gateways.
But your private gateways on site site, deep in connections together,
make up an ADA West manage Repeat remembers.
Well, we development ruin the route table in order for our V P C.
To use.
These VPN components will be talked about these components and a lot more detail in later modules